job fair
Accreon
elevator pitch:
I am Annie, a newcomer in Fredericton, maybe about 3 months already. I used to work as a Project Leader in an IT company in the Philippines, for over 6 years, where I communicate with clients and oversee multiple development teams. I basically structure the requirements given by the client or sales team inorder for the development teams to work for. I was able to earn the company 2 US based pilot projects that turned into regular clients or projects that are running from 1 year contract to more than 1 year contract. And I also do a bit of software development alongside my management tasks especially on urgent items in our Lotus Notes applications in the company.

Overall, due to my background in successfully handling clients and multitasking with my own development tasks I am confident I'll be able to succeed in a role you may be hiring for.

----
Hi, Accreon right. I believe this is the company that offers healthcare software. Pharmacy, Prescription Monitoring. 

Java, Mobile, 

 you're looking for someone with strong professionalism in both internal and external customers and is flexible in any changes brought by work.

--------------------------------
Skillsoft

Due to my background in project management and the initiative for learning, I believe that I am still up for the position you are hiring for. 

--------------------------------
Cvent
I am Annie, a newcomer in Fredericton for 3 months. I used to work as a Project Leader in an IT company in the Philippines, for over 6 years, where I communicate with clients and oversee multiple development teams. I also do software development alongside my management tasks especially on urgent items in our Lotus Notes applications in the company. So I've been a software developer ever since, I do maintenance and support in Lotus Notes applications and research and development.

Due to my background in maintenance and support and research and development, I believe that I am still up for the position you are hiring for.